[SITE-1973] php 8.4 release note (#9609)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/releasenotes/2025-07-14-php-84-now-available.md

---
title: PHP 8.4 now available via PHP Runtime Generation 2
published_date: "2025-07-14"
categories: [infrastructure, new-feature]
---

> Support for PHP 8.4 is now available on the platform, which provides developers the latest version of the server-side language powering Drupal and WordPress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for PHP 8.4 is now available on the platform with the new [PHP Runtime Generation 2](/php-runtime-generation-2). [PHP 8.4](https://www.php.net/releases/8.4/en.php) is the latest version of the server-side language powering Drupal and WordPress.
```
